Docs: Add environment variable reference page (#949)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/rocSOLVER: docs/reference/env_variables.rst

.. meta::
  :description: rocSOLVER environment variables reference
  :keywords: rocSOLVER, ROCm, API, environment variables, environment, reference

.. _rocsolver-environment-variables:

********************************************************************
rocSOLVER environment variables
********************************************************************

> In this section, the reader can find all the important rocSOLVER environment variables,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the important rocSOLVER environment variables,
```

Author: Fixed

which are grouped by functionality.

Logging variables
================================================================================

The logging environment variables for rocSOLVER are collected in the following table.

> For more information, please check :doc:`Use multi-level logging <../howto/logging>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see :doc:`Use multi-level logging <../howto/logging>`.
```

Author: Fixed

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1
    :widths: 35,14,51

    * - **Environment variable**

>       - **Default value**

Reviewer 2: I don't think "default value" really makes sense here since none of these variables have a value when they aren't set. Perhaps "fallback value" would make more sense?

Author: Ah, if that's the case, we actually support a different format for that, where we remove the default value column. I just updated the table

      - **Value**

    * - | ``ROCSOLVER_LAYER``

>         | Specifies which logging type(s) are activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        | Specifies which logging types, if any, are activated.
```

Author: Fixed

>       - Unset by default.

Reviewer 2: None of these variables are set by default, so it doesn't really make sense for this to be the only variable that is marked out as being "unset by default". I'd suggest putting "0 (no logging)" here instead.

Author: Addressed in the reply I posted above
